issue templates to steer the public elsewhere (#994)
unicode-org/unicodetools: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/unicodetools.md

---

> name: Feedback on the Unicode Tools code and processes
> about: Mostly-Unicode-internal Unicode Tools

Reviewer: "Mostly-internal" is at best confusing for a public facing issue tracker.

```suggestion
name: Feedback on the internal Unicode Tools code and processes
about: internal tools used by Unicode committees during various processes
```

title: ''
labels: ''
assignees: ''

---

> (Bugs, suggestions, ideas for Unicode Tools code, for its maintainers, their processes, etc.)
> 
> (These tools are publicly visible but treated as an implementation detail of PAG.
> Data is published at https://www.unicode.org/Public/ -- feedback: https://www.unicode.org/reporting.html)

Reviewer: Maybe need to say some more about what this is NOT a little more strongly.  This is not the place to propose data changes, go here.

```suggestion
(Bugs, suggestions, ideas for internal Unicode Tools code, for its maintainers, their processes, etc.)

(These tools are public and open source but are treated as an implementation detail of PAG.
Data is published at https://www.unicode.org/Public/ -- feedback: https://www.unicode.org/reporting.html)
```

Reviewer 2: Change to:

> While those tools are public and open source for reference purposes, they are not a public deliverable. Instead they are used strictly internally by the maintainers of the standard.
